Update babel plugin (#1188)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-i18n/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- ## [Unreleased] -->

## [2.2.0] - 2019-??-??

### Added

> - added `generateTranslationIndexes` helper and `mode=from-generated-index` option for babel plugin. This can be use to resolved caching issue when adding new translation file ([#1188](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1188))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `generateTranslationIndexes` helper, and `mode=from-generated-index` option for the Babel plugin. This can be use to resolve unwanted cache hits when adding new translation files ([#1188](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1188))
```

> - Added a `generateTranslationIndexes` helper, and `mode=from-generated-index` option for the Babel plugin. This can be use to resolve unwanted cache hits when adding new translation files ([#1188](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1188))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `generateTranslationIndexes` helper, and `mode=from-generated-index` option for the Babel plugin. This can be used to resolve unwanted cache hits when adding new translation files ([#1188](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1188))
```
